offLine_cardInCnt7d card_in_cnt_7d
offLine_cardInCnt30d card_in_cnt_30d
offLine_cardInCnt365d card_in_cnt_365d
offLine_accuCardInCnt accu_card_in_cnt
offLine_cardInAmt7d card_in_amt_7d
offLine_cardInAmt30d card_in_amt_30d
offLine_cardInAmt365d card_in_amt_365d
offLine_accuCardInAmt accu_card_in_amt
offLine_p2pInCnt30d p2p_in_cnt_30d
offLine_p2pInAmt30d p2p_in_amt_30d
offLine_firstP2pInTime first_p2p_in_time
offLine_p2pInCoinCnt7d p2p_in_coin_cnt_7d
offLine_p2pIoCoinCnt7d p2p_io_coin_cnt_7d
offLine_p2pOutCnt30d p2p_out_cnt_30d
offLine_p2pOutAmt30d p2p_out_amt_30d
offLine_p2pOutCoinCnt7d p2p_out_coin_cnt_7d
offLine_firstP2pOutTime first_p2p_out_time
offLine_accuSpotTradeFeeAmt accu_spot_trade_fee_amt
offLine_spotTradeFeeAmt30d spot_trade_fee_amt_30d
offLine_accuCntrTradeFeeAmt accu_cntr_trade_fee_amt
offLine_cntrTradeFeeAmt30d cntr_trade_fee_amt_30d
offLine_firstChainInTime first_chain_in_time
offLine_firstChainOutTime first_chain_out_time
offLine_p2pBusinessLevel p2p_business_level
offLine_regType reg_type
offLine_inviteUserId invite_user_id
offLine_regDeviceId reg_device_id